update application resumption section with info from 0190 changes (#67)
smartdevicelink/sdl_overview_guides: docs/Resumption/index.md

# Application Data Resumption

Data resumption is used when an application requests to restore data used in the previous ignition cycle after an unexpected disconnect. Resumption starts during the `RegisterAppInterface` request message processing. The application must include the hashID parameter in the request for SDL Core to recognize a previous connection and attempt to restore the previous HMI state. If the hashID received from mobile is correct, SDL Core will restore the following data to the HMI.

- Menu and VR Commands
- Sub Menus
- Choice Sets

> - Persistent Files and Images

Author: Is that different than `Vehicle Data Subscriptions`?

If the application resumes data successfully:

 - SDL Core will reply to the mobile application's `RegisterAppInterface` request with `resultCode = SUCCESS`
 - SDL Core will provide the HMI `BasicCommunication.OnAppRegistered` with `resumeVrGrammars = true` to notify the HMI that `VRGrammars` must be resumed. On this event, the HMI must restore the application related VR grammars for the appID received via an `OnAppRegistered` notification.
 - SDL Core must restore application-related data and send to the HMI after an `OnAppRegistered` notification. 
 - Applications will not need to resend the following RPCs:
  - AddCommand (Menu + VR)
  - AddSubMenu
  - CreateInteractionChoiceSet
  - CreateWindow
  - SetGlobalProperties
  - SubscribeButton
  - SubscribeVehicleData
  - SubscribeWayPoints
  - PutFile
  - GetSystemCapability if previous parameter `subscribe = true`
  - GetAppServiceData if previous parameter `subscribe = true`

|||
Successful App Resumption
![Successful App Resumption](./assets/OnAppRegisteredResume.png)
|||

> If during resumption, the HMI responds with an error to any of the above requests sent by SDL Core, SDL Core will revert all resumption data by for example sending DeleteCommand to all successfully acknowledged AddCommand requests. An error response from the HMI indicates unsuccessful resumption, and SDL Core will continue to register the app in a fresh state.

Author: i debated moving this up above the `if (success)` section, let me know what you think.

> If during resumption, the HMI responds with an error to any of the above requests sent by SDL Core, SDL Core will revert all resumption data by for example sending DeleteCommand to all successfully acknowledged AddCommand requests. An error response from the HMI indicates unsuccessful resumption, and SDL Core will continue to register the app in a fresh state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the HMI responds with an error to any of the resumption requests for an application sent by SDL Core, SDL Core will revert any data that has been resumed for the application thus far (ex. by sending DeleteCommand message for all successful AddCommand requests). Any such error response from the HMI indicates an unsuccessful resumption, and SDL Core will continue to register the app in a fresh state.
```

If the application does NOT resume data successfully:

 - SDL Core will reply to the mobile application's `RegisterAppInterface` request with `resultCode = RESUME_FAILED`
 - SDL Core will provide `OnAppRegistered` with `resumeVrGrammars = false` or no resume parameter at all.
 - SDL Core cleans up all previously stored application data for the application that failed to resume. The HMI must also clean up previously compiled `VRGrammars` for the application.
 - The application will send new data to start SDL operations. In this event, SDL Core and the HMI should restart the cycle of collecting application data for resumption.

>  - GetSystemCapability subscriptions were still restored, and requests with parameter `subscribe = true` do not need to be resent.

Reviewer: Why is this subscription the only one that is resumed?

Author: It's more like "the only one that isn't reverted"

I suppose it's because such a subscription request cannot possibly fail. (this subscription also only applies to the DISPLAYS capability)

Reviewer: This seems more like an issue rather than intended behavior. We probably shouldn't have odd exceptions like this. That said, it also looks like sending a redundant subscribe request to Core doesn't actually cause any issues (Core just responds with success), so we could probably just omit this note for now
```suggestion
```
